Wiki restructuring - The context (#1223)
Azure/ResourceModules: docs/wiki/The context - CARML overview.md

> This section provides an overview of the Common Azure Resource Modules Library (CARML) repository.

Reviewer: It seems a bit redundant to have this page & the 'The context' page. I'd suggest to merge the two

Author: The reason I kept them is I'd expect other sections to be added under the context, such as all the strategy topics we're discussing recently (personas, vision and mission etc)

Reviewer: Gotcha. So I guess that turns it into a fundamtenal question whether the 'entry' page should only link to the different sub-pages or can have rich content itself, right?

<img src="media\Context\CARLM_overview.png" alt="CARML overview" height="500">

The contents of this repository are twofold: a library of comprehensive Azure resource modules that conform to the Azure Resource Reference, as well as a continuous integration (CI) environment that enables testing and versioning.

- The library hosts a collection of comprehensive, reusable, Bicep-based building blocks to deploy Azure resources. In addition, it provides optional features across modules, such as child resources, role assignments, locks and diagnostic settings. An overview of the CARML library is first introduced in this section page [The context - CARML library](./The%20context%20-%20CARML%20library), while further details are provided by the corresponding Wiki section [The library](./The%20library).

> - The continuous integration (CI) environment ensures the modules are valid and can perform the intended deployments. As such, the repository includes built-in lifecycle capabilities for each module, supporting continuous validation and versioned publishing across multiple target locations. An overview of the CARML CI environment is first introduced in this section page [The context - CARML CI environment](./The%20context%20-%20CARML%20CI%20environment), while further details are provided by the corresponding Wiki section [The CI environment](./The%20CI%20environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The continuous integration (CI) environment ensures the modules are valid and can perform the intended deployments. As such, the repository includes built-in lifecycle capabilities for each module, supporting continuous validation and versioned publishing across multiple target location options. An overview of the CARML CI environment is first introduced in this section page [The context - CARML CI environment](./The%20context%20-%20CARML%20CI%20environment), while further details are provided by the corresponding Wiki section [The CI environment](./The%20CI%20environment).
```

> The repository supports Bicep as primary domain specific language (DSL) and GitHub workflows as primary orchestration for the CI environment. However, considering both Bicep and GitHub workflows are relatively new compared to, respectively, ARM/JSON templates and Azure DevOps pipelines, the repository also provides support to the latter. Further details on this matter are provided by the corresponding Wiki section [Interoperability](./Interoperability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository supports Bicep as primary domain specific language (DSL) and GitHub workflows as primary orchestration for the CI environment. However, considering both Bicep and GitHub workflows are relatively new compared to, respectively, ARM/JSON templates and Azure DevOps pipelines, the repository also provides support for the latter in any combination. Further details on this matter are provided by the corresponding Wiki section [Interoperability](./Interoperability).
```
